Ey sister, are you down down down?
Ey baby, are you down down, yes?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Ey brother, are you down down?
Ey sister, are you down down down?
Ey baby, are you down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Ey baby, tell me are you down for a date?
Only you and me
Fuck flexing with fucking money (Yes, yes)
Let's go for a walk
Communicating without WhatsApp
Give me your hand and I'll show you my world
Baby, I know that you like it
I'll show you my weird face right from the start
I see you have a break up behind you, that's okay-ay
I'll catch you and give you a cup of positive vibes and no more headaches
Bae, tell me, are you really down for honesty in togetherness?
You have to decide on your own
Do you really want to be free?
Be pure without ulterior motives?
Ey tell me, are you down down?
Tell me, are you down down down down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Are you down down down down?
Ey brother, are you down down?
Ey brother, tell me, are you down down down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Are you down down down down down?
Tell me: Are you down
If I come around the corner, are you down
If I come with a fat piece of weed, are you down
If I can come in, preferably smoking, chilli-chilling and you already know man
Your neck goes knick knack, like the crunching of NicNac's
Zick zach, burn the leaf when I have new shit
Kwam.e, an MC without a gold chain
To all the Ghanaians: [?]
I'm Hamburg's first, like the TV channel
Don't worry, brothers and sisters
My lyrics are halal
I'm not down with your commerce because your commerce is without heart
And I'm down with you when your bank account is suspended
The nigga from the fourth writes poems like Goethe
Kwam is ready, like a farmer or shepherd
I'm down with the shit, like a jib dipping in a dip
Deep down like a bum who desperately sips his wine
[Pre-Hook: Ace Tee] (2x)
Stop the self-hatred, the spell of the microphone
And show the people, what you can do
Ey tell me, are you down down?
Tell me, are you down down down down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Are you down down down down?
Ey brother, are you down down?
Ey brother, tell me, are you down down down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Are you down down down down down?
Oh hey, tell me are you down for the sound, sound? (Eyyy)
For the sound
Write a note for the neighbors and tell them it's going to be loud
The first neighbor's at the door, it's Mr. Sauerkraut (You again?)
He complains and says the music is far too loud, loud, loud
Doesn't fucking matter, please don't let yourself get pulled down
Come with us and drop everything
I'll show you people you'll love instantly
We're probably all dreamers, but you can fly with us
Ey tell me, are down?
Are you down?
Ace Tee, Kwam.e, plusma Beats
Tell me, are you down (bist du down)?
Ey tell me, are you down down down down down down ?
Are you down (Are you down)?
Ey tell me, are you down down down down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down (Tell me, are you down down)?
Ey brother, tell me, are you down down down down down?
Ey tell me, are you down down down?
Ey brother, are you down down down down down?
