(Julius)(verse 1)
9th Wonder on tha beat. Yo
Some ladies settle for less settle for stress. cause' they're so used to it they say Fuck The rest. I say fuck your man you claim he's the best. But he's only focused on what's under your dress. Your heart I caress, and you know that you're wrong. Wanna shake your silly ass flaunting out a thong. Juju wrote a song and I hope that you hear it, I'm to near ya not to feel ya you know I can hear it. You and your friends got a bad reputation already, known for fucking different guys like they own your pussy. I look in disgust then u say I can't trust. Of course not babygirl you make me not trust. Can't believe I felt guilty when you flirt around filthy. And them guys don't matter, it's you that kills me. You always say I'm sorry I always tell you not to say that. change up your act cuz you stay acting wack
(Julius)(Hook)
Boom bap, my heart went flat. Flatline Mami, what you think of that. All I did was show you love you never show me back, one day you're going to realize what you really had. Now you're in trouble hitting up my phone it's funny how they call you later with a different tone. I can't save you sweetheart and I'm sorry can't cut it relationship I cut it she's just getting blunted
(Julius)(verse 2)
Same time today will you love me in the late night. I be working third shift so there won't be no sex night, flex right take my time working thinking out my mind.  Same night the next day lead us running out of time. How will I make it, I take time and break it, make money take it waste it by saving it. Still do the same shit different day all day my life's like a cycle. Until I'm laying in the grave cemetery plot juju think a lot, about the ones who taught me about the game and no they weren't Lames. Change the game change the name, need us so insane. Fuck with me to entertain
(Desean)(verse 3)
Got clouds in my dreams, kush in my thoughts. I play in the dark, the world is my park. I'm rougher than the bark of the trees, breaking up the Dutch. Gut it out, shit, now I'm Rollin up some weed. My medication my motivation my inspiration now I'm levitating. I'm sky high, never in distress. I'm fucked up off the Kush, I can feel it in my chest ugh
(Julius)(Hook)
Boom bap, my heart went flat. Flatline Mami, what you think of that. All I did was show you love you never show me back, one day you're going to realize what you really had
(Desean)(Closeout)
Got clouds in my dreams, kush in my thoughts
Got clouds in my dreams, kush in my thoughts
